[push] 3. At what point does extending the world size make the effects of cell communication negligible and susceptible to virus attack.
   -- Try different world sizes

[push] 4. We hypothesize that macrophages will fail to contain the virus in almost all circumstances where the number of
   initial viruses is sizeable (>= 100) without the support of lymphocytes, but for smaller initial invasions the
   macrophages will be able to contain the virus on their own.

[stash] 5. Right now the macrophages are distributed randomly throughout the liver cell layer (~60 percent of the world).
   We hypothesize that the locations of the macrophages will more or less determine the reaction time
   (initial fight followed by release of cytokines), and this will directly influence not only the duration
   of the infection but also the number of liver cells that die.
5a. We hypothesize that the concentration of macrophages near the “top” of the liver will result in more infected systems

6. Our model splits the world into two parts: liver cells with macrophage patrols and lymphocyte layer
   (effectively the blood stream running through the liver). We hypothesize that the speed of the cytokines and the
   lymphocytes will have an enormous effect on the ability of our model to contain the virus,
   with slower speeds resulting in non viable lymphocytes.

7. In our model the cytokines periodically duplicate themselves, with the leading cytokine being the only one that
   moves through the world. The first cytokine that is created as a result of duplication represents
   the “stop command” for the lymphocyte, telling it that it has reached the end of the chain so it
   can switch to random walk. If cytokines are set to not duplicate, no lymphocytes ever receive the stop
   command and as a result tend to patrol the liver from top to bottom with no random walk (move to top,
   turn around and move to bottom, repeat). We hypothesize that this patrol behavior,
   rather than random walk, will result in much more effective lymphocytes.
